Add support for secret_refresh_interval (#1913)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/configuration.v2alpha1.md

| global.secretBackend.args | List of arguments to pass to the command (space-separated strings). |
| global.secretBackend.command | The secret backend command to use. Datadog provides a pre-defined binary `/readsecret_multiple_providers.sh`. Read more about `/readsecret_multiple_providers.sh` at https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/configuration/secrets-management/?tab=linux#script-for-reading-from-multiple-secret-providers. |
| global.secretBackend.enableGlobalPermissions | Whether to create a global permission allowing Datadog agents to read all Kubernetes secrets. Default: `false`. |

> | global.secretBackend.refreshInterval | The refresh interval for secrets (0 means no refresh). Default: `0`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| global.secretBackend.refreshInterval | The refresh interval for secrets (0 disables refreshing). Default: `0`. |
```
